Component development doc fixes (#2362)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/pipelines/sdk/component-development.md

title = "Create Reusable Components"
description = "A detailed tutorial on creating components that you can use in various pipelines"
weight = 40

+++
{{% alert title="Out of date" color="warning" %}}

> This guide contains outdated information pertaining to Kubeflow 1.0. This guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial contains outdated information pertaining to Kubeflow 1.0. This guide
```

Reviewer: Hi @Bobgy @IronPan @neuromage @Ark-kun @numerology This tutorial has the out-of-date banner fyi cc @RFMVasconcelos

Reviewer: Line 12: "page" -> "tutorial"

    component for the Kubeflow Pipelines system.
1.  Use the Kubeflow Pipelines SDK to load your component, use it in a pipeline and run that pipeline.

> The rest of this page gives some explanation about input and output data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of this tutorial provides explanation about input and output data,
```

> followed by detailed descriptions of the above steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
followed by detailed descriptions of the previously-mentioned steps.
```
